You... you can't kill me
Do you think he is really stupid?
Tell you
Tier 1 hospital diagnosed him as evil
blocked nerve
Treatment is extremely difficult
If you don't transplant it, you will die
Stop! Do you want to kill Xu Qing?
None of the three hospitals accept it.
We can only hope for the Sun family
Sun Xiong said that he hired the first genius doctor of Great Xia
I beg you
Let me abide
Leave the Li family
Xue Xing's illness was delayed for many years
It's really complicated.
But I will cure him with my own hands
What are you talking about?
How many doctors and experts say there is no cure?
How can an ordinary person like you cure him?
Serum disease is so serious, are you kidding me?
You don't have him in your heart at all
Your family uses him as a fertility tool
Ha ha.
Hey, I don't have a medical qualification certificate.
I haven't even read the suicide note
Disease is unknown
And praise the dwarf dog to treat him
What do you want?
Why haven't you come yet?
I'm going to kill them all
Since you don't believe me
Then I'll cure the serum first
Deal with this scumbag again
Just by you
How come this silly woman, don't mess around?
Why don't we be polite and want to send Xueqin?
I won't let you touch my daughter
Let me go
I will never love Xueqin
Go to sleep
Just wake up.
Haha, this is what you call healing
Do you want to jump on a big rope?
Drinking a bowl of floating water
Look at rural dogs like you
Our mesh number
What kind of garlic do you pack?
How can there be such a cure?